UPDATE ClanSphere 2009.0.3 to ClanSphere 2010.0
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Attention: ClanSphere 2010 requires 2009.0.3 or newer to be installed on SQL-side.
All shipped files with this release must replace their old counterparts on your webspace, too.

The following steps inform you about changes that may need your attention in order to keep 
ClanSphere running after the update process is finished. Please read them carefully.

1. The directory /system/runstartup does no longer exist by default and is no longer needed, 
   because startup files moved to the corresponding mods directory. To restore the old and 
   obsolete behavior you have to delete the switched files and add this to your setup.php file:
     $cs_main['runstartup'] = 1;

2. We have improved the contents of the .htaccess_example file and added charset information, 
   but also improved mod_rewrite settings and how they work with ajax enabled. You have to 
   apply all those changes to your current .htaccess file if you use mod_rewrite and/or ajax.
   It might also be helpful to do this if you "just" run into charset related problems.

3. Your template files should not contain code in languages like e.g. CSS or JavaScript. Such 
   parts are better separated from HTML and loaded with a <link> tag in the source code. This 
   will result in big performance gains, but also prevent strange errors from occuring.
   
4. ClanSphere does no longer ship with Mootools included. Be sure to use jQuery Syntax instead 
   as it is the only JavaScript Library bundled with upcoming releases. We have also moved all 
   JavaScript includes to the very bottom of the HTML body tag by default so that DOM parsing is 
   only done once which speeds up page generation in every web-browser.

5. After every update between 2010 versions you have to clear the cache next to it. Usually this 
   happens when SQL updates are applied or by using the system -> cache menu. If both solutions
   are not possible you can delete all .tmp files inside the uploads/cache directory to do this.

Please visit the wiki for questions: http://wiki.clansphere.net/Update
Alternatively ask for help in the board: http://board.clansphere.net